# Dessert: Why can only some of the packages function?

You should also be clear that JavaScript code cannot function without runtime environment (or more accurately, script engines). All modern browsers are embedded with JavaScript engines; you should have also heard about [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/), which allows you 'Run JavaScript Everywhere', and the powerful engine behind Node.js is [V8](https://v8.dev/).

However, barely an engine is far not enough. JavaScript code running on the engine cannot break out of its 'sandbox', which means that it does not have access to system-level features like filesystem and network. You may argue that Node.js provides APIs like `node:fs` and `node:http`, but in fact such APIs are written in C/C++, exposed to JavaScript code by some way, and already not a part of V8 engine. It is impossible to call these APIs on a browser, and unfortunately, nor in Minecraft Scripting environment. You may also argue that you can include some packages like `axios` in your plugin to get access to network. However, all these modules, in the end, depends on Node.js or Browser APIs to work, and they can offer no help in Minecraft Scripting environment.

Fortunately, Minecraft provides a limited set of APIs, wrapped in module `@minecraft/server-net`, to grant network access. This module is currently experimental, and that is why users are required to enable beta APIs in world settings. It can do nothing but send simple HTTP requests. However, that is enough for us. bedrock-stdhub runs an independent HTTP server that listens to HTTP requests sent from plugins, and reads and writes files according to requirements of plugins. In short, our project enables behavior packs running in Scripting environment to break out of their 'sandbox'.

Now you have known why you cannot use arbitrary packages. [Go back](./begin-coding.md) to the tutorial.